# Elunie Game
# 
# Create a game that is playable from the console.  There are 8 possible rules for the game (listed below).
# 
# Each time a game begins, a rule is selected at random and 3 series are generated that the player can use to determine
# which rule the game has selected.  At this point, the player enters three letters (one each for type, color and size).
# The game informs the player if he is correct after each of his moves.  Once the player has correctly made 5 moves, he
# wins and the game is over.  If he makes any incorrect moves, he loses.  
# 
# The elements of the game are -
# 
# Figures: circle, lozenge
# Sizes: small, big
# Colors: yellow, blue
# 
# 
# The rules are:
# 
# 1) if the last figure is a lozenge, choose a blue one, if not choose one of the same size
# 2) if the last figure is yellow, choose a big one, if not choose a small one
# 3) if the last figure is yellow, choose a circle, if not choose a lozenge
# 4) if the last figure is blue, choose a circle, if not choose a lozenge
# 5) if the last figure is blue, choose a big figure, if not choose a different type
# 6) if the last figure is blue, choose a big figure, if not choose a circle
# 7) if the last figure is a circle, choose a blue figure, if not choose a yellow one
# 8) if the last figure is a circle, choose a small one, if not choose a big one
# 
# 
# Example of a game (Using the first rule)
# 
# % ./elunie
# 
# Welcome to Elunie!
# The first 3 moves are
# 
# big yellow lozenge
# small blue circle
# small yellow lozenge
# 
# Enter the next move:
# [this is user input...] big blue lozenge
# Correct!
# [this is user input...] big yellow circle
# Incorrect! You lose!
# %